Add container based tests documentation (#492)
hashicorp/vault-helm: CONTRIBUTING.md

very quickly. These should be used for fast feedback during development.
The acceptance tests require a Kubernetes cluster with a configured `kubectl`.

> ### Test using Docker Container
> execute all commands from `vault-helm` directory  
> build test image
> ```shell
> docker build -f ${PWD}/test/docker/Test.dockerfile ${PWD}/test/docker/ -t vault-helm-test
> ```
> execute tests
> ```shell
> docker run -it --rm -v "${PWD}:/test" vault-helm-test bats /test/test/unit
> ```
> if you contribute to specific part, for example `injector` only, run only the tests matching a regular expression:
> ```shell
> docker run -it --rm -v "${PWD}:/test" vault-helm-test bats /test/test/unit -f "injector"
> ```
> 
> ### Test Manually
> #### Prequisites
> * [Bats](https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Test Using Docker Container

#### Prerequisites

* Docker installed
* `vault-helm` checked out locally

#### Test

**Note:** the following commands should be run from the `vault-helm` directory.

First, build the Docker image for running the tests:

```shell
docker build -f ${PWD}/test/docker/Test.dockerfile ${PWD}/test/docker/ -t vault-helm-test
```

Next, execute the tests with the following commands:

```shell
docker run -it --rm -v "${PWD}:/test" vault-helm-test bats /test/test/unit
```

It's possible to only run specific bats tests using regular expressions. For example, the following will run only tests with "injector" in the name:

```shell
docker run -it --rm -v "${PWD}:/test" vault-helm-test bats /test/test/unit -f "injector"
```

### Test Manually

The following are the instructions for running bats tests on your workstation.

#### Prerequisites

* [Bats](https://github.com/bats-core/bats-core)
```

  brew install kubernetes-helm
  ```

> #### Running The Tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Test
```
